Add help menu / update readme with instructions (#34)
aelishRollo/prompt-palette: README.md

Prompt Palette will not ask for your data. Your data is yours.

<h2>How to use:</h2> <h3> Basics:</h3>

>                         <p>Press <strong>cmd + shift + p</strong> to open the extension anywhere in the browser</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        <p>Press <strong>cmd + shift + p</strong> to open the extension when using your browser. Your prompts will be available when viewing any site</p>
```

>                         <p>Press <strong>cmd + shift + p</strong> to open the extension anywhere in the browser</p>

Reviewer: We discussed offline that it may be beneficial to tell the user to go to `chrome://extensions/shortcuts` in case the keyboard shortcut doesn't work, or they want to set their own custom key mapping

> <h2>How to use:</h2> <h3> Basics:</h3>
>                         <p>Press <strong>cmd + shift + p</strong> to open the extension when using your browser. Your prompts will be available when viewing any site</p>
>                         <p>You can add a new prompt to your library by typing or pasting it into the “Enter new prompt” dialogue, then hitting enter or clicking the “Add Prompt” button</p>
>                         <p>Use the <strong>up</strong> and <strong>down</strong> keys to navigate through the prompts in your library</p>
>                         <p>Hit <strong>enter</strong> to select a prompt</p>
>                         <p>Press <strong>shift + enter</strong> to copy all your selected prompts to your clipboard, automatically closing the extension window. Alternatively you can click the “Copy Selected Prompts” button at the bottom</p>
>                         <h3>Tags: </h3>
>                         <p>You can add tags to prompts for easy access to prompts that share a common trait. For example, “Writing”, “Coding”, or “Therapy”.</p>
>                         <p>You can add tags by clicking the “Edit” button on one of your prompts</p>
>                         <p>Click the “Filter Prompts” button to select a tag to show</p>

Reviewer: Re-adding the previous suggestion

```suggestion
<h2>How to use:</h2>

<h3>Basics:</h3>
<p>Press <strong>cmd + shift + p</strong> to open the extension when using your browser. Your prompts will be available when viewing any site</p>
<p>You can add a new prompt to your library by typing or pasting it into the “Enter new prompt” dialogue, then hitting enter or clicking the “Add Prompt” button</p>
<p>Use the <strong>up</strong> and <strong>down</strong> keys to navigate through the prompts in your library</p>
<p>Hit <strong>enter</strong> to select a prompt</p>
<p>Press <strong>shift + enter</strong> to copy all your selected prompts to your clipboard, automatically closing the extension window. Alternatively you can click the “Copy Selected Prompts” button at the bottom</p>

<h3>Tags:</h3>
<p>You can add tags to prompts for easy access to prompts that share a common trait. For example, “Writing”, “Coding”, or “Therapy”.</p>
<p>You can add tags by clicking the “Edit” button on one of your prompts</p>
<p>Click the “Filter Prompts” button to select a tag to show</p>
```
